reranker doc clarification for smaller systems (#1261)
NVIDIA/nv-ingest: docs/docs/extraction/support-matrix.md

| nemotron-parse | Additional Disk Space     | Not supported | Not supported | Not supported | ~16GB       | ~16GB       | ~16GB       | ~16GB   | ~16GB  |
| VLM            | Additional Dedicated GPUs | 1             | 1             | 1             | 1           | 1           | 1           | 1       | 1      |
| VLM            | Additional Disk Space     | ~16GB         | ~16GB         | ~16GB         | ~16GB       | ~16GB       | ~16GB       | ~16GB   | ~16GB  |
| Reranker       | With Core Pipeline        | Yes           | Yes           | Yes           | Yes         | Yes         | No*         | No*     | No*    |
| Reranker       | Standalone (recall only)  | Yes           | Yes           | Yes           | Yes         | Yes         | Yes         | Yes     | Yes    |

> \* GPUs with less than 80GB VRAM cannot run the reranker concurrently with the core pipeline. To perform recall testing with the reranker on these GPUs, shutdown the core pipeline NIMs and run only the embedder, reranker, and Milvus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* GPUs with less than 80GB VRAM cannot run the reranker concurrently with the core pipeline. To perform recall testing with the reranker on these GPUs, shutdown the core pipeline NIMs and run only the embedder, reranker, and your VDB.
```
